The Joe Rogan experience.
I had a dentist in Dallas when I was a kid, he used to hypnotize people and,
uh, you know, he's gonna drill a cavity for me.
And I said, I'd like for you to hypnotize me. And so it was, you know,
your, your mouth is feeling like a block of wood.
Your mouth is feeling like a block of wood nurse. I think he's ready. I said,
no, I'm not give me the Novacane.
But then the only other time that I had,
what was kind of success in being hypnotized was, uh,
in 1983,
uh, it was a 20th anniversary of the Kennedy assassination.
And I had grown up in Dallas during the assassination.
There was a story that was quite widely circulated that school
children in Dallas had laughed when they heard the news.
And I wasn't sure that I hadn't been in one of them.
I remember being astonished.
I remember gaping. I remember, you know,
did a ha come out of my mouth. I don't know if it did, you know,
uh, but I, I,
I think I smiled in amazement. I'm not really sure. I mean,
you have to go back to what Dallas was like at that time it was
hysterical. You know, the,
the politics were off the rails and Kennedy was hated,
although not in my family, but, you know, there was this sense of,
uh,
Dallas has being a separate entity from the rest of the country.
And that Kennedy was the enemy.
And I was anxious that maybe I had been one of those people that
laughed.
And so I had a friend who was a therapist who did,
uh, hypnosis,
and I asked her to hit the ties me and see if she could take me back to the
classroom and, and help me remember.
And, uh, so she put me under,
uh, regressed, my memories, you know,
to the point that I hear the dinging Dean PA system and the
choked voice of our principal coming on. And did she tell you,
you're hearing these things, you know, she's asking me, you know,
what could recall, what do I recall? And I, I remember seeing, you know,
the face of my friend, Steve Zinke, uh,
one of my classmates in the algebra class and I couldn't
get it myself.
And so she gave me a post-hypnotic suggestion that I would have a dream and it
would reveal to me, you know, what I,
what I experienced.
And so I did have a very vivid dream and it was,
I was flying in a helicopter over the canopy of what I thought was
Vietnam jungle.
And you were looking for a child and, uh,
saw it in the top of a canopy, just lying on top of the tree.
And if we got closer,
I realized it was actually just a doll with his little X eyes.
And that was the dream. And I decided from that,
that I was that the me that I
thought, you know, might've laughed was just a figment, you know,
an effigy of some sort, and that, you know, I really hadn't laughed.
Uh, you'd have to understand what a scarring experience it was to have been from
Dallas at that period of time and how everybody in the world hated you.
So it's a strange thing to try to remember.
What was your reaction? How old are you.
At the time? 13, I guess I.
Am, this is a very strange thing.
Did you feel like you felt guilt at the possibility that you had laughed?
Yeah, I did. I didn't want to be one of those people. And, uh, you know,
I have friends from Dallas who do remember people in their classroom laughing,
and my experience that I re you know,
the real memory I have of it is that people looked around and just stunned,
astonishment. And part of the astonishment, I think,
was that we just thought nothing would ever happen in Dallas. It was, you know,
on the one hand it was totally crazy.
And the other hand it was totally paralyzed. You know, it was just a sense.
The conformity was so powerful that, you know,
you felt imprisoned by, uh, the sameness of every day,
every thought, uh, you know, just, it was very, very rigid environment.
So some.
Spectacularly unique occurrence, like the president getting assassinated, right.
Dealey Plaza to seemed impossible.
Oddly enough, no, I mean, that was the thing, you know,
if it was going to happen anywhere,
it seemed like Dallas would be the right spot. They hated Kennedy.
And even that morning,
I went out to get the newspaper and there was that famous ad welcome Mr. Kennedy
to Dallas, you know, just it's bleak thing. And then there was, uh,
you know, it's just, how is it bleak? Oh,
it made all these absurd charges about, you know,
his eating communist and so on and race, you know,
race. They had a racist undertone to it. Uh,
it was, there was, yeah, there it is.
It shows up, you can see how it can't read all that. Well,
it says welcome Mr. Kennedy to Dallas. It,
you can see that it's saying a city,
a city it's about who we are and we are not you. And, uh,
it was, uh, uh, it was almost,
and then in the same newspaper, maybe your guy can find it. There is a wanted,
oh, no, wait a minute. I separate.
It was on top of the newspaper was a wanted poster for Kennedy with
full face and profile.
Somebody had placed it on top of that and like wanted for trees and or
something like that. There it is. Yeah. That was on our doorstep that morning.
So, uh,
that was the atmosphere of Dallas in
1963. Wow. There was, um,
there was, uh, you know,
Adelaide Stevenson had come to Dallas in October the month
before to make a speech about the United nations.
And he was a UN ambassador and he was assaulted. Um,
and, um, they went out to greet the crowd.
He was booed down. And by the way,
I think Lee Harvey Oswald was in the audience that night,
but he went out to try to talk to the crowd and
Stanley Marcus was his escort. And he said, don't, don't try that ally.
You know, this is crazy. And people were really worked up. They, you know,
this woman was holding a sign and she wiped it down on
top of ambassador Stevenson's head. And the science said,
if you seek Jesus, seek peace, asked Jesus.
So that's some reason that that always
struck me as the Dallas. And I just want to say,
as I'm talking about Dallas and the past Dallas stuff today is a totally
different place. And I think in some ways, you know,
it was so chastened and humbled, uh,
by that horrible experience I've said in the past,
if Kennedy had to die somewhere,
I'm grateful he did in Dallas because it made that city a far better place.
And you remember the police killings a few years ago, nine cops came out,
um, the way it was a block away from the daily Plaza,
but the way in which that city handled that tragedy by
comparison was so magnificent. You know, I just,
I have a lot of admiration for the city that Dallas has become.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free, only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.